Let me just highlight some language that's often used to characterize resisters or relationships.
The graph here on the left hand side shows you a plot of voltage versus current for a particular resistance.
Again this is what we call an Olmec resistor.
Remember our here does not depend on the voltage.
R does not depend on the current.
You simply get a linear relationship here and R is equal to over I and that's it.
You're going to get the same value irrespective of which point you pick on this curve.
Now the graph here on the right hand side this refers to a non omic anything that is not a straight
line that goes through the origin refers to as a non omic at any point along this orange curve.
You can calculate what a resistances I can go over here.
I can look at what the voltage reading is.
I can look at what the current is and I could say that the resistance at this value is given by V over
I.
Sometimes you can set a slope equal to that point however you notice here that if I use this point or
if I use this point I'm actually going to get a different value for the resistance and that is because
in this case the resistance is not independent of voltage and current.
So this is what is referred to as a non omic for the materials that we're basically going to look at
or really going to focus our attention in this class on omic cases.
But non-OEM cases could be diodes could be semiconductors.
In any case where this this line here this relationship is not a straight line.